#summary Game manual.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

You have just inherited your uncle's estate deep in the country. Reading through his books you find out about ancient evil trapped inside black obelisks scattered in the nearby swamp. And just recently the people in the village started disappearing... It seems it's up to you to venture into the quagmire and shatter the obelisks with the ritual described in your uncle's notes.

= Gameplay =

The main game display mostly consists of a map of a village and a nearby swamp which is initially hidden. Your task is to find all obelisks in the swamp and shatter them. Unfortunately, the swamp is full of evil creatures who will kill you if you are not careful. You don't have any weapon and you can't run away, so any encounter with a creature will result in an untimely death.

Moving the cursor on any cell adjacent to known cells will show a colored cursor. Gray color means the cell is safe to open. Green color is also safe but be aware that some creature is lurking nearby. Yellow color means this cell is adjacent to a creature and if you open it, the creature becomes alerted (it becomes visible on screen as a letter "z"). Red color means there is a creature on that cell and opening it will result in a death of a protagonist. *Be aware that if you click on a yellow cell next to an alerted creature, you will also die.*

Clicking on a cell adjacent to a known cell will open it showing what terrain is it. Cells containing water and trees can not be passed through, you will have to go around them. If you open a cell that has an obelisk nearby, you will see its approximate location. If you open a cell with an obelisk you can click on it to destroy it. *Destroying an obelisk will kill any creatures on the cells nearby while opening them.*

Sometimes the creature is in your way and you cannot go around it. Or it's lurking right near where you're sure the obelisk is. What to do? You need to lure the creature away from its place. *If you click on an opened cell near the alerted creature, it will be lured into that cell*. But be careful! The cell which held the creature is now closed and you can close the only opened cell next to another alerted creature leaving it an effective deathtrap.